hey my name is Sean with latitude 39
restoration here we have a Hudson
Pathfinder 1810 comes with a mm yeah
maja 115 horsepower 2 stroke outboard
the boats in great shape it's an awesome
little flats boat got a nice casting
platform up on the bow here comes with
lots of storage underneath in the side
it's got a new upholstery nice leaning
post with rocket launchers it's got a
matte bimini top with a stainless steel
frame also has a matching canvas cover
for the console the bow cushions and for
the leaning post we have a live well in
the back here
boat comes with anchor it's got a brand
new inter stick in battery all the nav
lights work it's got a new build pump
with a new float switch this boat is
100% turnkey ready to go have fun as a
matter of fact let's see what you can do